Zendesk v2 permissions documentations (#24420)
demisto/content: Packs/Zendesk/ReleaseNotes/2_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Zendesk

> - Deprecated. Use the Zendesk v2 integration instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated. Use the Zendesk v2 integration instead.
```

##### Zendesk v2

> - Documentation and metadata improvements, Regarding commands required permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation and metadata improvements, regarding a command's required permissions.
```

> - Fixed an issue that test button failed on low priviledged roles.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that the test button failed on low privileged roles.  
```
